hi welcome I'm going to teach you how to
keep score and duckpin bowling this is
brought to you by fun squared home of
knight's quest a laser tag adventure and
t-bone lanes let's talk about the basics
there are three balls per frame ball is
about the size of a grapefruit
there are 10 pins on the lane you press
the reset button after three balls
so you'll notice the small white button
and you press the deadwood pedal after
the first or second ball to remove pins
laying down on the lane the deadwood
pedal is on the floor and deadwood looks
like this you will see pins laying on
their sides and the deadwood pedal
clears those pins so in duckpin bowling
you do not use Deadwood to improve your
score
for your score there are three balls in
each frame and there are ten frames per
game your score equals all of the pins
knocked down each game
if you throw a strike or a spare you get
bonus pins these are called your film
here is the scoring sheet in the big box
you put your cumulative score and in the
small box you put your score for each
frame let's take a look at Tony's score
Tony is in the second frame for that
frame he knocked down six pins so in the
first frame he had eight so we add 8
plus 6 to get 14 his score is cumulative
he has 14 in the second frame because he
knocked down 8 in the first frame and 6
in the second frame let's talk about
some strikes and spares a strike is 1 on
the first ball you knocked on all the
pins you draw a Y in the frame take a
look at Tony in the seventh frame he had
a strike so we draw a y the next time
that he saw that would be the eighth
frame his three balls will count in the
eighth frame and two of those balls will
also count in the seventh frame so you
add the first two balls plus 10 to the
previous frame which is a seventh frame
so in the eighth frame Tony gets up in
the first ball he throws five so we
write that in the strike in the seventh
frame the second ball he throws two so
those two bonus balls are added together
so 10 plus 7 makes 17 and that's why he
has 67 in the seventh frame in the
eighth frame he throws another ball for
a total of 8 so in the eighth frame we'd
score it normally and so we add that 8
from the 67 for a total of 75 spares
follow a similar format basically in the
second ball you knock down all the pins
and you draw a slash so take a look Kim
has a spare in her ninth frame in the
tenth frame and the first ball she
knocks down five so we add that total
from the first ball plus the tenth she
already knocked down to add 15 which is
91 in the ninth
then there's normal scoring for the next
frame so she has a ten box for a total
of a hundred and one I hope that this
tutorial has helped you learn how to
keep score in duckpin bowling we hope to
see you soon at fun squared were located
at 56 Costello Road in Newington
Connecticut and you can connect with us
online at